From pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!cs.utexas.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!ncoast!pcohio!glenda.stocks Thu Jul 15 20:31:32 1993
Newsgroups: alt.alien.visitors
Subject: First Contact - Part  [D]
From: glenda.stocks@pcohio.com (Glenda Stocks)
Path: pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!cs.utexas.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!ncoast!pcohio!glenda.stocks
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <24.3081.2011.0NB29806@pcohio.com>
Date: Sun, 11 Jul 93 11:28:00 -0500
Organization: PC-OHIO PCBOARD - Cleveland, OH - 216-381-3320
Lines: 99


encounters would shake the Betans very deeply internally, but because
it was so abstract they would not discuss it amongst themselves. This
phenomenon became something that could not enter the parameters of
their reality.

Upon further consideration by the visiting extraterrestrials, it was
understood that external attempts were fruitless. The next stage was
to make internal attempts at communication. Originally the ETs had
skipped the internal stages because the they thought the external
stages would be more effective. However, they realized that they
needed to utilize more internal methods of communication. This is
where it becomes very surreal.

They began by entering the dream state of the Betans. Night after
night every Betan was bombarded with dream imagery and communication
from this ET intelligence. The Betans deliberately resisted this
information, and a strain on their psyches was created. It got to the
point where the pressure was so great that -- using the garden-hose
analogy -- there had to be a bursting point.

The bursting point manifested itself as what you call "poltergeist
activity." Strange things began happening in the reality of just about
every individual on the planet. First it began with the individuals
who were more spiritual in nature because they were the more
receptive. Then it happened to every member of society. Translating
this into your reality, this poltergeist phenomenon would take the
form of strange images on the television, confusing messages printed
on computer screens, and bizarre recordings on magnetic tape. These
manifestations were created by the Betans' own minds as they attempted
to hold back the communication. The phenomenon was not created by the
extraterrestrials themselves. The psychic energy the Betans were
withholding was actually being channeled into other media through
which the communication could occur.

It got to the point where the stress became too much. When this
occurred, the entire framework of their reality paradigm crumbled. It
would be as if they were walking outside and everything was normal,
and suddenly they felt a disorientation and then experienced a
blackout or fainting spell; when they woke up, their reality paradigm
was different. Suddenly they were able to see the ships. They were
able to communicate between each other about what was going on. The
ships remained in the distance for some time until individuals on
Beta-4 were able to talk amongst themselves about the reality of this
extraterrestrial presence. Then the ETs began to come closer.

         Did the Betans think they were going mad?

Yes. Each individual, not wanting to talk about it, felt an extreme
amount of stress which got worse and worse.

Now you have two examples of contact scenarios within your galactic
family. One may ask then, "How do we on Earth fit into this?" Again,
you are not as clear-cut. The examples we gave were of two
civilizations who were of opposite polarity. Using the Alpha-3 contact
program as an example, you are receiving stage one and stage three.
Stage two has deliberately been altered for you because of your past
dependence on extraterrestrial assistance.

Comparing you to the Beta-4 contacts, you experience a great amount of
fear on archetypal levels that results in your shutting down to the
reality of many things. Those of you experiencing the most fear on
your planet are literally not seeing these physical ships when they
are present.

The Zeta Reticuli are using stage one of the Alpha-3 program and to
some degree, stage three. They are not so much interested in stage
two. The Pleiadian civilizations in the past have been the ones to
interact with you in the stage-two scenario.

         The Zeta Reticuli are not really interested in stage one. They
         want to go right to stage three, but they must go through stage
         one.

Yes. Because their reality is so alien to yours, the only way at this
point that you can synthesize their energy is by starting at stage one
on the archetypal level.

         As we expenence the visitor phenomenon, sometimes it must
         come to us and we must interact with it within the parameters
         of our archetypal realities, our elemental realities, and within the
         deep parts of our minds that we've pushed down and denied. We
         must go to that stage to meet them. We experience many things
         that we don't know how to incorporate into our daily lives. Do
         the visitors also experience to some degree what we are ex-
         periencing? Is communicating with us a new expenence for
         them? Do they come into our reality thinking they are going
         to take some samples and then all of a sudden they experience
         archetypes, elementals, and denied realities?

You are affecting the Zeta Reticuli in the same way they are affecting
you. You have heard it stated that both of you are facing your
innermost primal fears as you deal with each other. This is the case.
The way it manifests for the Zeta Reticuli is that at times their
group mind will have the sensation or the illusion of experiencing
individuality. It is kind of like a fantasy or a species dream about
individuality. It is extremely shocking to their mass mind.

[Continues in next message...]


           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         / ¡ \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|   ¡  \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /   ¡   \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR¡$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _¬\// __/ /¬\....:....:.
                :    :    // ¬\/o  ¬_/\_ ¬\\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  ¬\¬   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9¹¹\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
