From pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!darwin.sura.net!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!umn.edu!csus.edu!netcom.com!rkrouse Fri Jul 23 12:14:19 1993
Newsgroups: alt.alien.visitors
Path: pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!europa.eng.gtefsd.com!darwin.sura.net!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!umn.edu!csus.edu!netcom.com!rkrouse
From: rkrouse@netcom.com (Robert K. Rouse)
Subject: The Jackie Gleason Story (1/2)
Message-ID: <rkrouseCAHxK0.6J5@netcom.com>
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 241-9760 guest)
Date: Wed, 21 Jul 1993 03:55:11 GMT
Lines: 113


(From: UFO Universe Summer 1993)



Jackie Gleason & The Little "Men From Mars"



by Timothy Green Beckley



     Way back in the mid-1960s, I got a letter in the mail from
Jackie Gleason Productions, Hollywood, Florida, ordering a copy
of a mimeographed booklet I had put together relating to UFOs. 
This, to me, was confirmation of what I had heard rumors about
for a long time ... that "the Great One' " was personally
involved in researching UFOs.  Supposedlyand I've since found
out that this is true-Gleason had one of where the tale gets a
bit wilder.  A story circulated by Gleason's ex-wife, Beverly,
has Jackie actually viewing the bodies of several aliens who
died when their craft crashed in the Southwest.

     T'he story was carried originally in the National Enquirer,
and though Beverly Gleason later confirmed it to members of the
press who were able to track her down, independent confirination
of Gleason's supposed experience could-for the longest time-not
be certified.

     Now with the striking revelations of a young man who knew
Gleason personally, it can safely be said that such an event did
take place.



     Larry Warren was an Airman First Class stationed at
Bentwaters Air Force Base in England (a NATO installation
staffed mainly by US. servicemen) when an incredible series of
events took place over Christmas week of 1980.

     A UFO was picked up on radar and subsequently catne down
just outside the perimeter of the base in a dense forest.

     On the first of several nights of confrontation with the
Unknown, three security police ventured into the area across an
eerie-looking object hovering just above the ground.  One of the
MPs was mesmerized by the UFO and was unable to move for nearly
an hour. While in this mental state, he received some sort of
telepathic message that the craft would return.  For the next
few nights, up to 80 US. servicemen, British bobbies, as well as
civilians from some nearby farms, witnessed an historic event. 
According to Larry Warrenwho stood w where the tale gets a bit
wilder.  A story circulated by Gleason's ex-wife, Beverly, has
Jackie actually viewing the bodies of several aliens who died
when their craft crashed in the Southwest.

     T'he story was carried originally in the National Enquirer,
and though Beverly Gleason later confirmed it to members of the
press who were able to track her down, independent confirination
of Gleason's supposed experience could-for the longest time-not
be certified.

     Now with the striking revelations of a young man who knew
Gleason personally, it can safely be said that such an event did
take place.



     Larry Warren was an Airman First Class stationed at
Bentwaters Air Force Base in England (a NATO installation
staffed mainly by US. servicemen) when an incredible series of
events took place over Christmas week of 1980.

     A UFO was picked up on radar and subsequently catne down
just outside the perimeter of the base in a dense forest.

     On the first of several nights of confrontation with the
Unknown, three security police ventured into the area across an
eerie-looking object hovering just above the ground.  One of the
MPs was mesmerized by the UFO and was unable to move for nearly
an hour. While in this mental state, he received some sort of
telepathic message that the craft would return.  For the next
few nights, up to 80 US. servicemen, British bobbies, as well as
civilians from some nearby farms, witnessed an historic event. 
According to Larry Warrenwho stood within feet of this craft
from another world-three occupants came out of the ship and
actually communicated with a high ranking member of the U.S. Air
Force.



    This close encounter at Bentwaters has become the subject of
several books (see From Out Of The Blue, Jenny Randles, Inner
Light Publications) and has been given wide publicity on CNN,
Home Box Office and more recently "Unsolved Mysteries."  Warren
has, in a sense, become somewhat of a celebrity himself as he
remains in the public eye, willing to talk about what he
observed.







 

-- 
============================================================
   "You can lead a horse to water but you can't 
    make it drink"
			Author unknown

============================================================
	Robert K. Rouse		rkrouse@netcom.com
============================================================


           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         / ¡ \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|   ¡  \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /   ¡   \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR¡$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _¬\// __/ /¬\....:....:.
                :    :    // ¬\/o  ¬_/\_ ¬\\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  ¬\¬   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9¹¹\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
