From pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!news.dfn.de!darwin.sura.net!howland.reston.ans.net!sol.ctr.columbia.edu!news.kei.com!ub!acsu.buffalo.edu!dmarcher Tue Jul 13 19:40:21 1993
Xref: pfm alt.religion.kibology:7817 alt.alien.visitors:10358 talk.bizarre:10599 alt.sex.stories:6972
Newsgroups: alt.religion.kibology,alt.alien.visitors,alt.culture.idaho,talk.bizarre,alt.sex.stories
Path: pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!news.dfn.de!darwin.sura.net!howland.reston.ans.net!sol.ctr.columbia.edu!news.kei.com!ub!acsu.buffalo.edu!dmarcher
From: dmarcher@acsu.buffalo.edu (Dave Archer)
Subject: Idaho.
Message-ID: <CA0uA8.JCs@acsu.buffalo.edu>
Sender: nntp@acsu.buffalo.edu
Nntp-Posting-Host: lictor-14.acsu.buffalo.edu
Organization: UB
Date: Sun, 11 Jul 1993 22:25:19 GMT
Lines: 150

% warning, this is a draft copy.  

\parskip = \baselineskip

\centerline{Idaho}
\vfill
\bigskip

It was a sunny day, despite the large amount of fractally-generated
clouds in the sky.  The wheat stalks swayed rhythmically in the
breeze, and all was well in the world.

``Hey Seth, who's that?'', Timmy had asked.  Seth didn't seem to know
as he simply shrugged.  The person Timmy had asked about was pale, very
pale, considering that everyone else was sun-burned.  Obviously, she
had to be English.  

``Hey Seth, let's explode a frog in her face!''.  ``OK Timmy'' was
Seth's chipper reply.  Within a matter of seconds, Timmy and Seth
produced out of nothing a slingshot, a straw, a frog, and a roll of
duct tape.  Seth held the frog down while Timmy used the straw to
inflate it.  Soon they had a fully inflated frog that was about to
explode in any minute with all it's orifices sealed by duct tape.
``Here it goes!!!',' was what Seth screamed as he loaded the frog in
the slingshot.  Timmy yelled, ``Hey, you pale English lady!''.  Just
as she turned to face the boys, Seth launched the frog at the lady and
as Seth is an expert slingshotter, hit his mark squarely on the nose.
Normally, just having a frog hit you on the nose would be enough to
cause alarm, but this was a special case, as the frog blew up upon
contact with the pale English lady's nose.  She appeared stunned as
the frog guts covered her and her dress.  The boys ran away with hoots
of laughter without so much as a scream from the lady.

At this very moment, a man wearing a black suit stood outside the
Emmett maximum security prison.  This was the day his brother was to
be released from jail, he was out in three out of five with good
behavior.  

As the boys ran back to Seth's, they started talking about the deaths.
It seemed that someone, or something was killing all the children in
the Greater Boise Metropolitan area.  John-Winston was convinced it
was the alien twins that spoke gibberish, yet others were almost
certain that it was Spot.  Kibo himself seemed to be in hiding, and
could not be found for comment.  ``Hey Seth, did you notice the way
the pale English lady didn't scream when she the frog blew up?''
``Yes, I saw that.  She was stunned.''  ``Hey Seth, I don't think
so.''  Seth just shrugged.

Back in Emmett, the door to the outside world opened, and out came
another man wearing a black suit.  He looked like a Hassidic diamond
merchant.  He did some neat back flips and cartwheels and met his
brother.  They hugged, and got in the car.  ``What the fuck is this?''
``What?''  ``This car.  What happened to the Caddy?''  ``I traded
it.''  ``For this??''  ``No, a microphone.''  ``Oh, I can see that.
What's the deal with this?  On the day I get out of jail, my own
brother picks me up in a police car!''  ``Hey, this was a bargain.
It's a Mountain Home police car.  It's got a cop motor, cop wheels,
cop suspension, and a cop trunk.''  ``Well, I don't like it, fix the
cigarette lighter.''

As Seth was eating dinner that evening, he silently contemplated that
the pale English lady hadn't screamed when the frog exploded.
Obviously this meant two things.  First, she had to be a vampire, that
much was obvious.  Secondly, her name was Purple Dolphin.  There could
be no other explanation.

``Hey, where are we going anyways?''  ``We're going to see the
Dolphin.''  ``Why?''  ``Because, you said you'd see her when you got
out.''  ``So? I lied.''  ``Hey, you can't lie to a Nun!''  ``Bah.''
As the men in black suits (MIBs) arrive in front of the Dolphin's
orphanage, just outside of Boise, the sky grew dark.  

Seth hid under the table.  His mother asked, ``Why are you hiding
under the table, Seth?''.  Seth said,``It got dark'', and shrugged.
``Seth!! You've been exploding frogs again, haven't you??'', his
mother accused.  Seth just shrugged.  Seth was sent to his room with
no desert.  As he was pouting, he found a horror magazine about
vampires that had a picture of the pale English lady on the cover.
Not only did this prove that she was a vampire and that her name was
Purple Dolphin, but she was also a Catholic!  Seth shrugged as he
drifted off to sleep.

As the MIBs walked up the stairs to the Dolphin's office, the stairs
creaked eerily.  Just as the taller brother was about to knock on the
door, it opened.  The Dolphin was sitting in her chair behind her
desk, and it wasn't obvious what could have opened the door.  They
started chatting, eventually the MIBs started swearing and the Dolphin
started hitting them with a ruler.  Eventually, she gave up and
pressed a button on her desk.  A trap door opened up in front of her
desk, and the MIBs fell through, never to be heard from again.

The next morning, Seth woke up.  It was another nice bright sunny day,
with a fractal cloudscape.  He went for a morning jog through the
wheat fields wearing an American flag as a cape.  After he got back
and had breakfast, his father sent him outside to man the gas pumps.
Soon, a big black cool looking car with the gas cap hidden in the
driver's side tail-light pulled up.  It was being driven by a
hooligan.  He asked Seth to fill it up, and then taunted Seth some.
He drove off without paying and nobody seemed to care.  A few hours
later, Seth's father realized he had been robbed, drank some gasoline,
poured gasoline all over himself, and set himself on fire.  A balloon
was popped to make a lame explosion sound.

A few days passed.  Seth's brother Cameron was sent home from the war
to take care of the farm since his father was dead.  A cop asked Seth
if his father had ever touched him.  Seth said his father didn't do
much touching and shrugged.  Seth's mother said that his father was a
wimp and that she had to kill the chickens because he couldn't stand
the sight of blood.  The cop had been selling stolen antiques in a
past life, and because of this, he tried to blame Seth's father for
the murders.

Meanwhile, the Dolphin had met Cameron and fell in love with him.
Cameron fell in love with her.  Seth thought this was bad because it
was obvious that she was drinking his brother's blood, and after all,
she was a Catholic.

The next day, it was Timmy's turn to run through the field wearing an
American flag as a cape.  He met Seth at the abandoned shed and said
``Hey Seth!''.  Seth just shrugged.  They smelled something funny and
found an alien in an egg.  Perhaps John-Winston was right.  However,
they thought it was an angel.  They fought over the angel, screaming
such things as ``Hey Seth, my Angel!''.  Eventually Seth shoved Timmy
against a wall.  Timmy fell, broke his nose, and ran away.

Then, just to prove the cop wrong, Timmy was picked up by the
hooligans in the cool black car with the gas cap hidden in the
driver's side tail-light.  Later, Timmy was found dead.  However, it
was not common knowledge that the hooligans had killed Timmy.

Seth took the alien home and put it in a box under his bed.  He tried
to warn his brother about the aliens and the Catholic vampire, but
Cameron just laughed.  If they had been Idaho Nazis, he might have
taken Seth seriously, he really hated Idaho Nazis.

The Dolphin had to go to town so she was hitchhiking along the dirt
road near the orphanage.  The cool black car pulled up, they said they
were going to town, so she got in.  Nobody witnessed this.  

Then The Dolphin turned up dead.  Cameron threw himself on the dead
body, and Seth screamed.  Perhaps she wasn't a vampire after all,
vampires didn't die.  Then Seth just shrugged.

\bigskip

\centerline{The End.}
\end





           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         / ¡ \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|   ¡  \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /   ¡   \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR¡$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _¬\// __/ /¬\....:....:.
                :    :    // ¬\/o  ¬_/\_ ¬\\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  ¬\¬   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9¹¹\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
