From pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!newsflash.concordia.ca!mizar.cc.umanitoba.ca!bison!sys6626!titan Fri Jul  9 19:18:02 1993
Path: pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!newsflash.concordia.ca!mizar.cc.umanitoba.ca!bison!sys6626!titan
From: titan@sys6626.bison.mb.ca (Titanium Knight)
Newsgroups: alt.alien.visitors
Subject: * Nuclear Energy Sites  2/2
Message-ID: <7sP06B5w165w@sys6626.bison.mb.ca>
Date: Tue, 06 Jul 93 08:25:29 CST
Organization: System 6626 BBS, Winnipeg Manitoba Canada
Lines: 169

 
     On November 22, 1975 Pilot Frank Auman, Jr. and UFO investigator
Arlan Keith Andrews were flying in a private plane near the Savannah,
Georgia Nuclear Plant.  They saw a bright white UFO maneuvering in the
area for four or five minutes.  It made a "slight wobble" and then a
hard turn, before it flew away.  Jacksonville Control Center personnel
at Jacksonville, Florida confirmed three UFO sightings(either radar or
visuals) by pilots at the  site.  11
 
     Arlan K. Andrews is a MUFON Consultant and State Director in
Indiana.
 
     On March, 1978 several persons described seeing two "milky white"
UFOs flying side by side at treetop level at the McGuire Nuclear
Station near Triangle, North Carolina. 12
 
     April 24, 1980 at 9 p.m. brought another UFO report from the Lake
Norman area.  Pete Link and Jeff Schlatter, two Rutherford County
carpenters, while working on a house roof observed a bright yellow UFO
that rose up vertically from Lake Norman, made a loop and then
disappeared while moving rapidly away.  13
 
     Lake Norman is a large lake and is surrounded by Highway 16,
Highway 73, Highway 150 and Highway 21.  The lake is surrounded by
many towns and cities,  among them Mooresville, Lincolnton,
Lowesville, Denver, Triangle, Iron Station, Stanley, Davidson and
Sherrills Ford.  These communities have been a "hotbed of UFO
sightings" over the past four decades.
 
     One of the more intriguing UFO sightings was reported at 7:30
a.m. on October 18,1982.  Gary Fortenberry and Jimmy Bumgarner, two
employees at the McGuire Nuclear Station on Lake NOrman were driving
to work on Highway 73 at the Catawba River(Lincoln County) when they
encounted an unknown.
 
     They watched a dull silver oval UFO with "four legs" above a
nearby fogbank.  During the daylight encounter, they first mistook it
for a water tank, but later in the day when they returned home from
work, the fog had  lifted and no water tank was to be seen anywhere in
the area.  They did notice that high voltage lines from the power
plants were in the general area of the  earlier sightings.  When first
seen the UFO was about 250 feet above the ground The eyewitnesses had
worked at McGuire for six years without experiencing anything unusual.
 Several months before, when UFOs again visited the same  location,
the power fluctuated, before the UFOs left the area.  Security 
guards, when questioned by me on the phone, told me that such UFO
incidents were to be made directly to AEC headquarters. 14
 
   On October 13, 1983 at 12:30 a.m. Mr. and Mrs. Wayne Ruppe of
Gaffney, South Carolina were disturbed forom their sleep by a
siren-like sound(like something taking off).  They looked out of their
house windows in time to see a glowing oval-shaped UFO about 20 feet
above their neighbor's home.
 
     The neighborhood dogs were barking in a frenzy.  The UFO,
described  as "about the size of a Winnebago travel-trailer" had two
"beams of lights" on the bottom of the object.
 
     It was orange-yellow in color and made a high-pitched sound as it
crossed the power lines and moved east in direction of the Cherokee
Nuclear Station.  The UFO was seen for approximately five minutes and
was estimated to be about 20 feet long and 8 to 10 feet in height.  15
 
     On June 24,1984 from 10:30 to 10:45 p.m. security guards at the
Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant near Peekskill, New York reported
seeing  UFO  over the plant for approximately 15 minutes.  It was
roughly 30 stories  above the exhaust funnel of one of the plant's
three nuclear reactors.
 
     UFO investigator Philip J. Imbrogno for the Dr. J. Allen Hynek's
Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS) in Chicago, Illinois interviewed six of
the  twelve security guards who saw the UFO.
 
     The UFO, according to the witnesses was huge in size,
diamond-shaped and approximately 450 feet in length.  It was first
white, then changed to blue to red to green to amber in color.  Local
police in Peekskill received numerous UFO sightings during the same
evening.  One of them, Sgt. Karl Hoffman said the UFO he observed
included a "dozen white lights" in V- formation that slowly moved
towards the power plant at Indian Point.  16
 
     In the case of the UFO reported by security guards at the Indian
Point Nuclear Plant at Peekskill investigators uncovered some
interesting  information.
 
     As the UFO apporached the nuclear plant it flew to within 30 feet
of its Reactor Number Three.  When it did the plant's security
systems, shut down as did all of its alarm systems and communication
systems.
 
     Security guards were issued shotguns and were waiting for the
final word to shoot at the UFO.  A request was also made for an armed
helicopter to come and shoot down the UFO, but before the command was
given, the UFO moved away and left the area.
 
     Carl Patrick of the plant's information office, when questioned
by investigators about the UFO had this to say, "I can neither confirm
or deny that the guards fired upon it, but they did what was necessary
to protect the plant.  17
 
     UFO reports continued to be concentrated near various atomic
energy locations in the late 1980s by reliable eyewitnesses.
 
     We are reminded of a statement made by General Nathan F. Twining
of the Army Air Forces(the original UFO study Project Sign) in 1947
forty years ago. General Twining said, "all pertinent data would be
made available to the  Atomic Energy Commission (AEC)."
 
     Perhaps answers to the many question posed at the beginning of
this article were furnished to the Atomic Energy Commission, but they
have yet to see the light of day in the public sector through 1987.
 
     Perhaps in the not to distant future, the truth behind the
UFO-AEC  link will be fully revealed to the public.
 
 
 
 
                            REFERENCES
 
 
1.  Look Magazine, June 24, 1952 issue, "Hunt For The Flying Saucer"
 
2.  UFOs: A History(January-May, 1952)Loren E. Gross, "Memorandum for
      Mr. Levy.  Prepared by the Inspector General, Directorate of 
      Special Investigations Hq. USAF, Washington, D.C. OSI Records.
      BLUE BOOK Files.
 
3.  UFOs: A History(June-July 20,1952)Loren E. Gross, "Flyers Report
      Saucers Near Atomic Plant"
 
4.  UFOs: A History(April-July, 1950)Loren E. Gross, "News Service
      Teletype Z134P4/19"
 
5.  UFOs: A History(June-July 20,1952)Loren E. Gross, "The Report on
      UFOs" (Edward J. Ruppelt)
 
6.  Mooresville Tribune, Mooresville, N.C. (October 14,1965 issue),
      "UFOs Flying Over Lake Norman?"
 
7.  Personal Files of George D. Fawcett(1968)
 
8.  Personal Files of George D. Fawcett(1974)
 
9.  Personal Files of George D. Fawcett (1975)
 
10.  Clear Intent (The Government Coverup of the UFO Experience),
       Prentice-Hall, Inc.(1984) (Lawernce Fawcett & Barry Greenwood)
 
11.  Personal Files of George D. Fawcett(1975)
 
12.  Personal Files of George D. Fawcett(1978)
 
13.  Personal Files of George D. Fawcett(1980)
 
14.  Personal Files of George D. Fawcett(1982)
 
15.  Personal Files of George D. Fawcett(1983)
 
16.  National Enquirer,(July 23, 1985 issue), "N.Y. Police Watch Huge
       UFO Buzz Nuclear Power Plant"(Franklin R. Ruehl)
 
17.  Night Siege(The Hudson Valley UFO Sightings), Ballantine Books
       (1987) (Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Philip J. Imbrogno With Bob Pratt)
 
---  .
Titan|um Knight
Mail: titan@sys6626.bison.mb.ca
The Atomic Cafe--Where neutrons meet atoms and split.


           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         / ¡ \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|   ¡  \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /   ¡   \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR¡$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _¬\// __/ /¬\....:....:.
                :    :    // ¬\/o  ¬_/\_ ¬\\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  ¬\¬   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9¹¹\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
