From pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!newsflash.concordia.ca!mizar.cc.umanitoba.ca!bison!sys6626!titan Fri Jul  9 19:17:56 1993
Path: pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!newsflash.concordia.ca!mizar.cc.umanitoba.ca!bison!sys6626!titan
From: titan@sys6626.bison.mb.ca (Titanium Knight)
Newsgroups: alt.alien.visitors
Subject: * Nuclear Energy Sites  1/2
Message-ID: <0oP06B4w165w@sys6626.bison.mb.ca>
Date: Tue, 06 Jul 93 08:23:08 CST
Organization: System 6626 BBS, Winnipeg Manitoba Canada
Lines: 135

UFOs CONTINUE TO VISIT NUCLEAR ENERGY SITES
by GEORGE D. FAWCETT
 
Looking back over the years during the 40th anniversary of UFOs in
modern times(JUNE 24,1987) it is interesting to note that UFOs have
been seen and recorded near various atomic energy locations in this
country and overseas. This link was first noticed by Captain Edward
Ruppelt in 1952 and reported in a LOOK magazine article(JUNE 24,1952)
titled "Hunt For The Flying Saucer." Captain Ruppelt, who directed the
U.S. Air Force Project Blue Book at that time, when viewing a folder
of 63 mystifing UFO reportas that had been plotted on a map of the
United States discovered that it showed "an ominous correleation" with
the location of various atomic energy installations. LOOK magazine
learned that some high ranking officers had taken note of this fact
and had then held a Pentagon conference to discuss these numerous
strange concentrations that have continued to this day.  1 Such
incidents at the Savannah River, Hanford, Los Alamos, Oak Ridge,
McGuire, Cherokee and Indian Point nuclear and atomic plants are of
continued vital interest and concern to scientific, military, civilian
and governmental observers everywhere. These UFO encounters raise such
serious questions as: Are UFOs monitoring our atomic and nuclear
energy sites and if so, why? Why has the AEC(now NRC) had
represenitives on most of all the major government UFO investigative
projects? Why do guards at some AEC installations report their UFO
encounters directly to the AEC? The questions continue -- What have
AEC studies using air samplers, radioactive background counters,
portable counters, magnetometers, oscilloscopes, cameras, radar and
other devices revealed? That types of radiation increases have been
discovered? What do they make of the increasing numbers of individuals
who have suffered "radioactive" injuries of one sort or another
allegded to have occured during UFO incidents in many states in the
United States and other global countries? In essence, what have been
the major discoveries and perhaps hidden secrets of the AEC-UFO link
since the late 1940's? Let's examine some of these often reported
events. On May 10, 1952 four employees of the DuPont Company, employed
at the Savannah River Plant saw eight "disc-shaped" objects approach
the Ellenton, South Carolina plant. The objects varied from a yellow
to gold in color, moved south to north at a "high rate" of speed. The
eight UFOs approached the area at such a low altitude that they had to
rise to pass over some tall tanks in the area. The noiseless UFOs
weaved from left to right and moved from side to side as they departed
at a 90 degree angle. " The AEC in Washington was advised." 2 On July
5, 1952 four Florida pilots reported a flying saucer hovering above
the Hanford atomic works, a sensitive scientific installation at
Richlands, Washington. Captain John Baldwin, Captain George Robertson
and pilots D. Shanbel and Steven Summers stated that the UFO was round
and flat. After hovering over the atomic plant, it gained speed,
reversed its course and then disappeared quickly. Two yellow globes of
fiery appearence were reported over the Hanford plant seven days
later, confirmed by Air Force investigators. 3 Two years earlier on
April 17, 1950 more than fifteen persons at the secret atomic energy
project at Los Alamos, New Mexico reported they saw a UFO on the
eastern horizon. One of the observers, a scientist from the University
of California Personnel Division watched one of the three objects thru
a telescope and said that it looked flat, metallic and was roughly
circular and about nine feet in diameter. The UFO appeared to be about
2,000 feet high and moved ".. faster than any known coventional
aircraft." It was seen for about 20 minutes and put on quite a show.
Dozens of excellent UFO sightings have been reported by countless
eyewitnesses at Los Alamos over the years. 4 June 21, 1952 brought an
interesting case of a UFO that trespassed prohibited airspace at the
AEC's Oak Ridge Laboratory in Tennessee at 10:58 pm. The UFO was
observer by Ground Observer Corps volunteers and also detected by
radar. The UFO was persued by a F-47 aircraft on combat patrol from a
10,000 to 27,000 foot altitude. During the aerial dogfight, the UFO
attempted to ram the F-47 on several occasions, before leaving the
area. UFO encounters have become quite commonplace at this AEC site. 5
In October 1965 Philip Parker on an aerial photography mission was
flying with pilot H.T. Mayhew near the Perth Church Road Lake Norman
crossing. Their plane was flying at about 1,000 feet as they circled
the lake near the McGuire Nuclear Station, when they noticed three
"bright objects" to their right. Pilot Mayhew gave his plane full
throttle and they rose barely high enough to escape the UFOs, which
were flying in formation 100 feet below them. Unnerved, as he was
Parker was able to take one photograph of the three circular UFOs
above Lake Norman, which is bordered by the Catawba, Lincoln, Gaston,
Mecklenburg and Iredell counties in North Carolina. 6 In past years
several other photographs of UFOs flying above Lake Norman were taken
by different photographers.  One of the photographs of an early 
morning UFO was captured near the Sun on the film.  In the photo, the
UFO  moved from the 4 to the 6 o'clock position from 90 to 20 degrees
over a short period of time.
 
     In the late summer of 1968 at 2 a.m. a married couple(names
confidential on file) reported seeing a dome-topped UFO with "windows"
and odd-colored  lights(yellow, blue and red fixed together) flying
near their Lake Norman home.  The UFO was about two to three car
lengths wide and made a soft hum- ming sound. A "metal rod" came from
the bottom edge of the UFO, as it moved down nearby power lines,
almost touching the wires as it followed the power lines.  The
eyewitnesses ran the rest of the way home and were badly  frightened
by their experience.  7
 
     In July or August, 1972 at 9:30 p.m. businessman Robert P.
Sartin, who lives near the Lake Norman Airport and Duke Power Plant's
150 high Cowans Ford Dam spotted a UFO.  His attention to the UFO came
when he heard children fishing from a nearby pier, who were shouting
about an object in the sky. Four other persons became eyewitnesses to
the UFO, which was seen about four miles East of the Marshall Steam
Plant near Terrell.
 
     The UFO, appeared to be about the size of a basketball court and
had a thickness, one-half its width.  The object looked like "one
saucer inverted on top of another and had a row of flashing windows
through its middle."
 
   It had red, white and yellow lighted windows and hovered in the
area overhead for about 10 minutes, before it flew sideways, then
moved up and away at an unbelievable speed as it disappeared in the
sky.  8
 
    In March, 1975 at Lexington, South Carolina Mr. and Mrs. Jim
Richardson were driving near the Lake Murray Hydroelectric Plant's
Saluda Dam, when a brillant "spotlight" came on and illuminated the
interior of their car.   They noticed the UFO looked "like two pie
pans" put together and had a dome on top.
 
    It flew about 40 to 50 feet above their car and it had red and
blue lights on its ends and its dome was "brillant white."  The bottom
of the UFO was  octagonal in shape or like a stop sign.  The Lake
Murray area has been the  scene of many UFO encounters over the years.
 9
 
     On October 27,1975 a UFO was reported by Staff Sgt. Danny K.
Lewis near the Loring Air Force Base, Maine.  The UFO began to circle
the nuclear weapons storage area to within 300 yards of the facility. 
Finally, it hovered 150 feet above the ground.  The base was placed on
a major alert status. Radar tracked its maneuvers in the area for over
40 minutes.  The reddish- orange UFO later moved to within five feet
of the ground.  Security personnel said the UFO was "like a
stretched-out football in the air" as it hovered nearby.  They
described the object as about four car lengths long.  It shut off its
lights and rapidly left the area from near ground level.  10
 
>>> Continued..


           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         / ¡ \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|   ¡  \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /   ¡   \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR¡$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _¬\// __/ /¬\....:....:.
                :    :    // ¬\/o  ¬_/\_ ¬\\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  ¬\¬   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9¹¹\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
