From pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!cs.utexas.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!ncoast!pcohio!glenda.stocks Thu Jul 15 20:33:52 1993
Newsgroups: alt.alien.visitors
Subject: Pleds Part 00-section [D]
From: glenda.stocks@pcohio.com (Glenda Stocks)
Path: pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!cs.utexas.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!ncoast!pcohio!glenda.stocks
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <24.3087.2011.0NB2980C@pcohio.com>
Date: Mon, 12 Jul 93 16:32:00 -0500
Organization: PC-OHIO PCBOARD - Cleveland, OH - 216-381-3320
Lines: 99


creative Cosmic rays pierce the body   individual by individual -- and
then group by group.  In very small numbers throughout these eons were
these frequencies of information brought onto your planet.  In times,
great battles were fought-- wars were fought -- information was always
looking to be expressed.  The original planners knew that,  Cosmically
speaking,  this was a lesson for them,  in allowing   in understanding
the creator gods who took their project.

And so they set about to create their own version of a plan -- at a
time when the frequency of the Earth would be altered -- a time when
the owners would perish if they could not change their frequency.
Their food source would be taken away -- food source of fear food
source of anxiety   chaos -- hunger -- despondency.  Get the picture?

Guess who is removing the food source? You are!  As members of the
family of Light,  you are renegades.  You are systems busters.  You
love to go in and cause trouble.  You are famous,  your branch of the
Family of Light -- your division you are famous for going into system
of reality and altering the frequency bringing always,  information.
It is not your task,  as members of the Family of Light,  to
proselytize.  You simply,  as members of the Family of Light go into
systems,  and you act as a receptacle,  and you receive the creative
Cosmic rays into you body,  the bodies that you occupy as humans
because you are in disguise as humans -- and your begin to allow a
process to take place.  Because you are codified,  and your memory
begins to rise  and you begin to respond to the plan that you came
here to participate within -- to alter the frequencies -- to hold  to
keep -- to maintain a certain frequency -- and then to live it -- and
as you live it,  you affect everyone,  every place that you go.  This
is what you are doing now.

There are many who understand their assignment.  There are many whose
memories are beginning to rise.  We will explain in a few minutes how
those memories begin to arise.


The plan to change the frequency modulation of the human specie has to
do with the rebundling of what would be called your DNA,  the
rebundling of the Light-encoded filaments.  There is a plan that is
gigantic at this time.  That you,  as members of the Family of Light,
are operating in many,  many places.  In other words,  you are not
just on assignment on Earth.  You are multidimensional,  and you have
many other versions of yourself where you are busting systems.
Paradigm breakers  as it would be.  So it will be part of your
assignment to make contact with these selves,  and to understand how
other versions of your selves are handling their dilemmas-- how they
are busting their systems.  Because you see,  there are certain Gods,
as you would call them Gods,  who are behind this process -- what
would be called a universal process.

Right now,  it looks like it is a very local,  Earthly process.  It is
much more involved then all of that.  The Earth is assisting,  in its
own way,  the evolution of the Universe.  The Earth is where things
are happening at this time -- it is the destined point of frequency
modulation.  And the human DNA is the recipient and the beginning of
this whole process that it is going to affect many,  many,  many
worlds.  So,  as members of the Family of Light,  you agreed to come
onto the Earth many times,  in many guises,  and many different time
frames as it would be,  to learn the ropes -- to figure out the
territory,  as it would be -- to become trained  to experience Earth
and to prepare yourself for the time when the frequency alteration
would be designed into the plan,  and where you would all be called to
incarnate in large numbers,  and to bring the plan into action.

This is the plan that is in operation,  as we can most neutrally
explain it to you,  on your planet at this time.  This is why the
Family of Light,  everywhere,  is beginning to unite.  One thing you
must all realize -- you must focus on what you have in common,  not
what you do not have in common.  As members of the Family of Light,
you bring information lo the planet neutrally to stimulate your own
growth.  You need to do this.

The specifics of the plan have to do with an evolving DNA -- a DNA
that will evolve from two heli to twelve heli.  These twelve heli will
correspond to what would be called 'energy centers-- chakras,
vortices whatever clever name you wish to attach to them   inside and
outside of your body.  There are millions of you at this time on the
planet on assignment,  who have agreed to do this.  Handfuls of you
are becoming impeccable.  The handfuls are affecting the others,  and
soon you will begin to have great clarity as to who you are,  and what
your assignment is.

The chakra centers inside the body are seven-- seven basic ones as
they have been understood on your planet for a while,  although they
are simply,  let us say,  representatives -- token representatives of
certain areas -- there are many,  many energy centers in the body.  In
order not to blow the experiment,  so to speak,  and to have the
frequencies of humans blow their minds to bits,  as it would be,
great care was taken to bring certain rays,  and to temper them,  so
that humans could evolve quickly with the changes of knowledge,
identity,  and information.  The third heli,  when it was evolved in
the human,  brought about the recognition of feeling,  and brought
back to the planet the use of the third chakra center.  The first two
heli -- or double helix-- are involved with your first two chakra
centers,  survival and sexuality.  And if you look around the planet,
you will see that the large majority of those on the planet are
cycling through those two centers for eons,  over,  and over,  and
[Continues in next message...]


           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         / ¡ \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|   ¡  \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /   ¡   \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR¡$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _¬\// __/ /¬\....:....:.
                :    :    // ¬\/o  ¬_/\_ ¬\\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  ¬\¬   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9¹¹\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
