From pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!cs.utexas.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!ncoast!pcohio!glenda.stocks Thu Jul 15 20:33:30 1993
Newsgroups: alt.alien.visitors
Subject: Pleds Part 00-section [B]
From: glenda.stocks@pcohio.com (Glenda Stocks)
Path: pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!cs.utexas.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!ncoast!pcohio!glenda.stocks
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <24.3085.2011.0NB2980A@pcohio.com>
Date: Mon, 12 Jul 93 16:32:00 -0500
Organization: PC-OHIO PCBOARD - Cleveland, OH - 216-381-3320
Lines: 99


development of this,  your local universe.  Eventually,  in one of the
galactic systems,  the plan came together to create the place that is
called,  'Earth-- designed originally to be an Intergalactic Exchange
Center for information.  Ah,  an incredible plan -- a beautiful place
-- located on the fringes of one of the galactic systems, ideally to
be reached from one galaxy to another -- existing close to many what
would be called  way portals  -- the highways that exist for energies
to travel  throughout what you call your space zone.

So,  the original plan was brought about,  and let us say that there
was impeccable scurrying and shuffling -- all kinds of things -- to
bring about individual representatives of all of the galaxies,  so
that they could have their representatives here upon this planet.  Now
some of these Creator Gods,  as their jobs were defined to be,  were
what would be called -master geneticists- -- able to take some of this
stuff -- the Creator Gods were able through their hierarchies to bring
about and discover and to tie these molecules together-- encoded
molecules of identity -- of frequency-- of electrical charges -- to
create,  Life.  And so many sentient civilizations -- many,  many,
many --gave of their DNA,  willingly,  to have a representative of
their coding -- their DNA-- on this planet.  And the master
geneticists set to work,  and they designed what would be called
varieties of species-- some human -- some different than human-- some
what you call animals -- all by playing with the varieties of DNA that
the sentient civilizations contributed to make this exchange center of
information -- this Light Center.

When we speak of Light.  We speak of information.  Those of you who
have had experiences where you allowed Light to come into your
physical body,  unflegingly know that once you expose yourself to
Light,  you begin to increase the amount of information.  Your
perceptions -- everything about yourself -- begin to change -- you
begin to awaken.  The darkness of the veil is removed.  So when we
speak of Light,  we speak of the return of information-- the intending
of bringing a great amount of information to this planet,  whose
frequency has been drastically controlled -- but that comes later in
the story.

So,  the plan of the Earth was a grand one.  An as these Creator Gods
did not exist in time as you know it,  let us say that a few hundred
thousand years -- a few million years -- in their terms,  were
nothing.  And different energies were brought to existence.  There
have been species of man -- yes,  just like you -- man  looking like
you,  whose DNA were intact at one time who developed very highly
evolved civilizations.  This,  of course,  was a long time ago -- we
are speaking prior to 500,000 years ago upon your planet.  We are not
speaking of civilizations that.  you call  Lemuria ,  or the
civilizations that you call  Atlantis  -- that is what we call
 modern,  man .  We are talking about civilizations that are ancient
-- civilizations that -- to give you a little scoop,  for those of you
who like a scoop --let us say that they are buried under some of the
ice caps under what is called  your far,  far Southern continent --
Antarctica.  But that we will save for another evenings discussion.

So,  this project as it would be called Earth,  was fought over.  It
looked enticing  It looked to be something of desirability of
ownership by others -- and so during Earth's early history there were
wars in your space for ownership of this,  your planet.  Had you ever
wondered who owns Earth? Prime hunk of real estate? You think that it
is ownerless in space? Ah,  you have something to learn about space
territories.  So there were  changes ,  as it would be,  of
administration.  And the original planners,  who by the way,  we will
say the original planners of your universe of course were of the
Family of Light.  They designed an information center -- they designed
a place where galaxies would contribute the information.  The Earth
was to be a library-- do you understand -- a Cosmic library  a place
of incredible beauty -- a place of experimenting how information could
be stored through frequencies,  through the genetic process.

So,  the skirmishes took place.  Different zones of the Earth became
-- let us say -- lost -- to certain original owners,  and the Earth
became a place of duality.  It became a place of course in this
free-will universe,  where others,  who had the right to do what ever
they wanted -- because it is free-will -- came in and took over.  We
call it raiding your Earth.  They did like corporate raiding on Wall
Street.  Do you understand? They raided the Earth.  The raid that you
are now to be concerned about is a raid that occurred approximately
300,000 years ago-- what historically speaking you would call,  from a
Biblical point of view -- certainly from most of your esteemed
scientifics -- the beginning of human civilization.  But it was only
the beginning of the later phase -- as we said,  what we call modern
man.

The interesting thing about the skirmish that occurred about 300,000
years ago,  is that a certain group of entities came,  and they fought
in space -- as of course many others have fought in space for this
Earth principality,  this territory,  this prime hunk of real estate
-- and they won.  They beat out Light.  It gives you a new idea of
Light,  doesn t it? So it became their territory.  There was great
radioactivity -- nuclear action-- much of the Earth was rent asunder.
And the original specie -- human creation -- the Adam man,  as it
would later be called -- was in great destruction -- scattered.

So those new gods -- those new creator gods-- were also master
geneticists.  They understood the process.  They understood how to
create life.  They wanted this territory for their own reasons.  Let
us give you another hint about why territories are created,  and why
[Continues in next message...]


           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         / ¡ \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|   ¡  \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /   ¡   \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR¡$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _¬\// __/ /¬\....:....:.
                :    :    // ¬\/o  ¬_/\_ ¬\\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  ¬\¬   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9¹¹\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
