From pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!caen!math.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!ncoast!pcohio!glenda.stocks Thu Jul 15 20:33:39 1993
Newsgroups: alt.alien.visitors
Subject: Pleds Part 00-section [C]
From: glenda.stocks@pcohio.com (Glenda Stocks)
Path: pfm!public!incom!cat!Germany.EU.net!mcsun!uunet!caen!math.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!usenet.ins.cwru.edu!ncoast!pcohio!glenda.stocks
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <24.3086.2011.0NB2980B@pcohio.com>
Date: Mon, 12 Jul 93 16:32:00 -0500
Organization: PC-OHIO PCBOARD - Cleveland, OH - 216-381-3320
Lines: 99


territories are held.

There is consciousnesses in all things.  This your scientifics will
one day step off of their ladders and begin to realize.  And then you
will begin to really own the planet yourselves.  There is
consciousness within all things.  Consciousness communicates
continuously.  Consciousness vibrates -- or can be led to vibrate --
at certain --what would be called  electromagnetic frequencies.
Electromagnetic frequencies are very interesting.  They tend to act in
a variety of ways.  One of the ways that we are going to be concerned
about in speaking with you this evening is that electromagnetic
energies of consciousness can act as 'food'.  Feel that concept out --
it can act as food.  So that means that just like apples can be
prepared an eaten and   ingested -- in a variety of ways,  perhaps
consciousness could be prepared and ingested in a variety of ways.  Do
you understand?

So,  some entities,  in the process of their own evolution,  began to
discover that as they created life,  and put consciousness into things
through varying the frequencies -- through modulating the frequencies
of forms of consciousness.  They could feed themselves.  They could
keep themselves in a existence.  They began to figure out that this is
how the Prime Creator nourished itself.  It sends out others to create
a food source for itself.

Now,  the new owners of your planet -- this principality in space out
on the fringes of your galactic system  had a different appetite--
different preferences than the former owners.  They nourished
themselves off of fear.  They nourished themselves off of chaos --
though fear was their primary food source.  In some ways,  it fed them
-- it stimulated them -- it kept them in power.  Understand? So
300,000 years ago,  these creator gods that your Bible speaks of
--that the Babylonian tablets speak of -- that texts all over the
world,  in actuality,  speak of-- they came,  and they rearranged what
would be called the native specie  man.  And they rearranged what
would be called your DNA,  in order to have you broadcast within a
certain limited frequency band.  This has been going on for a long
time now.

What part do you play in it? Why are you here? Why are you created
here in this story? For some of you,  this is just like a dream.  We
are reminding you of what you know inside of yourselves.  We have come
onto your planet to trigger your memory banks.  We have come onto your
planet to inspire the human race through the Family of Light,  to
begin to create their own reality.  We,  as Pleiadians,  create our
experience.  We come back through what is called time in your terms,
into what would be called perhaps,  our past,  into a vestige of
representatives of Light,  in order to share a frequency with you -- a
frequency that each one of you has agreed to carry on this planet --
to change the DNA of the rearranged human race.  This is a big story
-- it could make headlines,  you know.

Now,  of course the original planners were not about to lose the
territory -- did you think they were going to give up so easily? Of
course they exist in a different time sector than you.  So the new
owners came and worked in their laboratory,  and created workers,
created versions of humans with a different DNA -- the two-stranded
double-heli DNA.  They took the original DNA of the human specie,  and
they disassembled it.  Yes isn't that clever? They disassembled the
original DNA.  And they left it,  of course,  within the human cell --
they simply split it apart.

Within the human cells are what we call Light encoded filaments --
fine glosimar threads of energy that carry information.  And when
those glosimar threads are working together -- like a cable -- fiber
optics as it would be -- they form the heli -- the helix of your DNA.
Of course when you were rearranged,  you were left with two heli --
the double helix -- half lit.  In other words,  anything that was
unnecessary -- that would keep you informed -- was unplugged.  And so
you were left with a double heli that would keep you in what would be
called certain controllable,  operable frequencies.  And you were set,
of course,  on your free-will zone -- you,  we are speaking of the
humans,  not necessarily those of you in this room of course -- you
are the Family of Light,  which is more than human-- much more than
human.  We will get to that in a bit.

And so,  let us say that something like an electrical fence --
frequency fence -- was put around the planet.  Some of you have seen
what your technological scientifics have created   an electrical fence
that you can keep animals with in? So it is that the electrical fence
was put around your planet -- as a control as to how much the
frequencies of the humans could be modulated and changed.  So,  as the
story goes -- this frequency was set around the planet,  and it was
made very difficult for frequencies of Light frequencies of
information to penetrate.  And,  when these Light frequencies were
able to penetrate the frequency control,  who was there to receive
them? -- the DNA was unplugged.  The Light encoded filaments were no
longer organized.  And so the creative Cosmic rays that bring Life did
not have something to plug into and to hold onto.

Now there were many noble experiments.  And of course the original
planners began to call on what would be the Family of Light,  to go to
infiltrate the project   to begin to incarnate -- to begin one-by-one
to bring Light information into the place it was lost.  And so the
Family of Light began its work here -- coming into a system that was
devoid of Light -- devoid of information-- and allowing through what
would be called the redefining of the laws of man to let these
[Continues in next message...]


           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         / ¡ \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|   ¡  \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /   ¡   \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR¡$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _¬\// __/ /¬\....:....:.
                :    :    // ¬\/o  ¬_/\_ ¬\\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  ¬\¬   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9¹¹\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
