Read mode : (21705 +)
Msg Read [21642-21842]? 

From    : GLENDA STOCKS                          Number    : 21706 of 21842
To      : ALL FIDO-UFO                           Date      : 06/18/93 10:07p
Subject : ABDUCTEE THEORIES                      Reference : NONE
Read    : [N/A]                                  Private   : NO
Conf    : 226 - UFO                     F

 #############  Original From: BOB MORRIS
 # FORWARDED #             To: ALL
 #  MESSAGE  #    Date/Number: 06/13/93
 #############             On: CHANNEL1 - 0042 - Beyond
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

[ From UFONet on the InterNet ]

=== Abductions and Current Theories
-----------------------------------

There are many people who believe they have been abducted by UFOnauts.
These abduction victims often experience memory loss and "missing time".
some of them have been able to recall their abductions from memory and
others have recalled their abductions by the aid of hypnosis. Often these
encounters involve being taken aboard an alien craft and examined by the
UFOnauts and put through a variety of physical and mental procedures. Then
the individuals are returned. Many of the abduction victims has shown
signs of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.

Some of the major researchers who have studied the abduction field include
Budd Hopkins, David Jacobs, John Mach, Philip Klass, and Jenny Randles.

There are several groups with distinct opinions.  The dyed-in-the-wool
Skeptics, who who don't believe it.  Others who are passing no verdict,
but are still examining  the evidence.  Those who believe due to the
similarities of the abduction testimonies.  Those who claim to have
information through means such as channeling.  Those who claim to have had
first-person experiences, with automatic conscious recall.  Those who
claim to have had first-person experiences, with recall under hypnotic
regression.

The opinions of some skeptics such as Klass believe that the hypnotists
themselves are leading the abduction victims unknowingly into believing
that they have had an abduction experience.  The skeptics believe that the
the media has been saturated so much with the abduction material that when
people having nightmares or people who believe that they have experienced
the "missing time" are put under hypnosis, they draw upon what they have
seen in the media to fulfill the expectations of the hypnotist and causes
themselves to be put trough the trauma for that reason.  They say the
nightmares are often caused by the sleeping disorder narcolepsy, and the
"missing time" is not an uncommon experience and is caused when the mind
is preoccupied by other matters.  They often give the advice to go to
clinical doctors, and not to contact an abductionist.

Other researchers such as Jacobs and Hopkins believe that there is
something physical causing the abduction experiences.  Hobkins has stated
that he believes that the abduction are real and that the recounts of the
abductions are to similar to each other to be anything but the truth.
Jacobs takes a slightly different approach, he has been categorizing all
the accounts and trying to find patterns in the testimonies.  Through this
method he come up with new more indepth theories regarding the abductions.

The Channelers believe that the abductions are part of a battle between
good energy forces and evil energy forces. [See Reptoids, Greys and
Pleiadians]

There people on the net who believe they have had personal experiences
with Alien contacts or abductions.  Some have posted accounts of their
experiences.  Many others decline to post due to attacks by skeptics.

There has been possible material evidence of UFOs or Alien contacts. There
are abundant material traces, even excepting those confiscated by the
military.  Material traces include burned grass and earth where UFOs have
landed, UFOs shown on radar tapes, UFOs on film and in photos. Bodily
traces on abductees include scoop-marks in the flesh, incisions, burns,
apparent radiation exposure, bruises, inflammation, etc. Whether any of
these is considered *evidential*, however, is a subjective value call.

--- All Is One
 # RM 1.0 00257 # This phone is baroque; please call Bach later.
 * Origin: SearchNet HQ - 508-586-6977 - Freq SEARCH - FidoNet (1:330/201)